The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today
"The best way to predict the future is to create it" - Abraham Lincoln
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall" - Nelson Mandela
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do" - Steve Jobs
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful" - Albert Schweitzer
"Believe you can and you're halfway there" - Theodore Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions" - Dalai Lama
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on" - Robert Frost
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today" - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Life is like a camera, focus on the good times, develop from the negatives and if things don't work out, take another shot
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success" - Albert Schweitzer
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle" - Christian D. Larson
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny" - C.S. Lewis
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it" - Charles R. Swindoll
"The best revenge is massive success" - Frank Sinatra
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity." - Amelia Earhart
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." - Henry Ford
"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds." - Orison Swett Marden
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"The only thing to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing." - Henry Ford
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"The only way to have a good life is to have a good character." - John C. Maxwell
"The only way to achieve success is to embrace change." - Jack Ma